so rondônia with that formed of leftovers of what we use to cook
and leaves in general is one of the biggest problems in cities beyond the
bad smell it also attracts dogs and cats insects and rats transmitters
of illnesses that clarify mission to use
the residents of a large collar condo to find a natural way
to turn the start of goalkeeping
food remains together with the civilian police
Imagine only the bad smell
you can avoid this dirt the whole condo beautiful view villas knows
as
the good example starts indoors organic garbage not so much siege of the other
kitchen side
people adapt very quickly in a building
already much facilitates the work of the trucks that gather what is thrown
out
It's okay, my friends, that pass here to the booth is my
House
the next day
thinks that it is privilege only of economic climate that nothing work to the balcony
of your apartment
chic
there are flowers and a mini-vegetable garden
the concierge creates a guiding direction as manoel achieved this scenario
the compost to win
this game
Thank you, sir.
the burial of pounds
residents and above
closed
it smells
banana peel old newspaper psd napkin the best with everything
because it makes even a liquid fertilizer and had as fertilizer and for those who do not
likes me and gardens calm 'they stay inside the hidden drawers taking care
the environment did not have this problem so luther king announced
never lies
we sing together living here not on these two floors of system
organic matter that we put in there that I'm not
Who are the winners?